The Joe Rogan experience. Here's my thing. Back to the,
the mass shootings and the gun control with the semi-automatic weapons.
If they said, Hey man, if we get rid of semi-automatic weapons,
there won't be any more mass shootings like this. Don't you think in general,
most people are like, yeah, cool. Take them in. Are they that fun? No.
Are they that cool.
Shoot. People would not do that. There's the, why do you need them? It doesn't,
it doesn't matter whether you need them. It's a mass stupid Joe, listen.
It's a real problem, man. The problem is dying left and right. Okay.
You're looking at it the wrong way you got to look at and T yes.
In terms of the way they're looking at it, they're not going to say, okay,
you take them because their ideas,
the government eventually wants all your guns and they're going to start with
assault weapons, and then work their way to all weapons.
What if they just give up.
You look at a worst case scenario.
What if it's just assault because of the mass shootings? Because they don't.
I think that they should be able to do that.
They think that the government does not have the ability to take away your guns,
but we haven't stopped them. The problem is crazy people shooting people.
The problem is not automatic guns shooting people. Right?
It's really interesting.
You're going to go after those people that have the guns that have never done
anything. Well, they are going to say, well,
the second amendment protects my right to keep.
We've been bear arms.
Know the amendments written the 17 hundreds that hasn't changed. True.
The thing is though, is if you can say, Hey, we have problem.
If we can get rid of these for now.
In the future, we're good to go. What I'm saying is that.
Most Americans would be like, yeah, you're right, man.
We don't need them that bad. No, that's that's mind blowing to me. It is.
But people went, Hey, Brendan Ferrari's are killing people left and right, dude,
you gotta get off the road with this thing. So many people are dying.
Like get rid of the Ferrari.
Yeah. But that's a simplistic perception of what's actually going on. No,
one's going to think about it that way. They're going to think. I mean,
the people that don't have guns are going to think about it that way,
but the people that are second amendment and physiatrists are going to say,
this is a slippery slope. I didn't give them any ground.
Like Joe Biden has been saying, we're going to take your assault weapons.
This is one of the things that Joe Biden has said publicly.
And this is one of the reasons why the people that are pro second amendment are
never going to vote for him. They think that if you give in, in any way,
shape or form, we're going to take them on free slope.
And they're going to take away pistols. I mean,
California's already reduced the size of the magazines, but that actually,
I think that was voted back. Like I think that was ruled to be unconstitutional.
They had like limited magazines. Like you only have a magazine,
like six rounds or 10 rounds or something like, no, it was 10.
And I think they're trying to make it lower, but that dad has been reversed.
Here's my thing with the mental health, everyone goes, well,
America has a mental health problem.
There's a mental health problem all around the world.
We just have a gun problem. That's all.
True. The mental is just here.
The mental health problem in the United States is extremely exacerbated by the
use of psych drugs. There's way, way, way.
More. Psych drugs prompts to brother. They don't have nearly.
As many prescribed drugs in Europe as they do. Are you sure? Yes.
SSRI talked to.
Bernie.
[Inaudible] psychologists. Yeah. You've probably done your research.
It's this pharmaceutical lobby in this country. Look,
obviously not everybody on psych drugs is out murdering people.
The problem is it's many, many, many layers, right?
There's people that are abused.
There's people that grow up with a lot of violence.
There's people that grow up and they, you know, they're, they're psychotic.
They, they have psych drugs. The psych drugs are disassociated.
The bad apples though. Like, does it always have to be a mental illness?
Like all these shooters just happen to have mental illness, all of them, well,
someone just don't say.
Maybe some socket life, but almost all of them. I mean,
in the high 90% are on psych medication. Yes.
And as coming from someone who's who was murdered by his wife when she was on
an SSRI and on cocaine, like people, when they're on those drugs,
it's, it's a varying reaction and suicidal thoughts are very common,
as well as homicidal thoughts, very common. And also the,
the feeling that things aren't real,
the people that I've talked to that were on SSRI as they got off of them.
One of the things that they all say is that nothing seemed real.
That's what you did like a simulation.
Yes.
Blank. Yep. Yeah. Everything felt flat.
I think that's a big problem for sure.
A crazy person with a semi-automatic weapon is a real problem.
And you would want to take a semi-automatic weapon away from a crazy person,
the other PR. But the problem is if there's a guy like you,
who has a semi-automatic weapon,
you have a ranch somewhere and you just like shooting coyotes and
metal targets that are out in the distance and you don't harm anybody.
And you're a good person. You are technically protected by the second amendment.
And why should you, but okay. But then what about your pistol?
Should you take your pistol? What about your shotgun?
What if you get a shotgun and you keep reading.
But again, to the, with shotgun, they're not going to kill as many people.
It depends on whether or not the people are armed. If the people are not armed,
they're running around a mall. You can kill a lot of people with a shotgun.
It was an automatic. Yes.
Maybe. Yeah. Maybe.
I mean, here's what the scary thing me you're on the smartest people.
I know Bernie Sanders is smart. This, he lives in this world. When you said,
what are we going to do? His answer? I was like, that was as good as mine. Yeah,
it's true.
You're right. You're right. There's no one that scared me.
It's a good thing to be scared because there's no one out there has a shining
light. Like one answer. You like, that's it. The smartest.
Mine's in the world. And then I'm listening. I'm like, well,
I've thought of that. That's not gonna work.
For me, dude. The, the Joe Biden answers the dumbest answer.
We're going to take away your guns. You're going to have a civil war guns.
You can't, you can't take away. The St take away assault,
guns and assault rifles. You're not going to do that.
They're not going to give them the constitutional.
Let's say they do do it. There's too many out already. Right?
There's too many on the market. So let's say you borrow.
A hundred million guns.
In this car. And how many people, that there's 300,000 people in this.
A million. There's a hundred million more guns than there are people. Okay.
So you.
So if you stop the of automatic guns right now,
there's still a hundred thousand more than people out there.
Then you'd have to go get them,
but you'd have to go door to door and search to do that.
What everyone's thinking will happen. That's not.
Realistic. Like the Howard's or some.
How else are you gonna get.
Those guns from? That's clearly not the answer. Is it?
That's never going to happen? No, no. One's going to give you those guns.
So that's not the answer. I don't know what the.
I don't either. But the crazy thing is,
if you look at the mass shootings across the world,
the most and other countries see like two.
Or three now for us, it's over 300 already this year.
I think it's two 70 something.
A mass shooting is three or more. Yeah. Um, the other thing to me,
that's interesting is I used to always think it was kids who, on our, you know,
our, in their basement and on Reddit,
there are these losers and they have nothing to live for. Probably true.
Some of them set up most nine out of 10, but then he got homeboy like go over.
And, uh, where was it? Ohio who had these chicks are coming out.
He's banging a few girls, had a bunch of girls that like, man, we saw signs.
He was always talking about mass shootings. Like.
He had a rape list in high school. Yeah. They all fed he's up.
They all thought he was really up.
But he was also Elizabeth Warren supporter who wrote a post about the
need for gun control after different mass shootings. I mean,
he was a real left wing guy.
And this is something that the media is ignoring because it doesn't fit the
narrative because the narrative is, they're all white male, right wing,
you know? And he was left wing. He was left wing. Like, yeah, he's a leftist.
I mean, he, he wrote leftist. He, him as his pronouns on his,
his page. Wow. Yeah. I mean, he was, but it has nothing to do with him.
He's a psychopath.
They're saying the kid that they caught and got in,
I don't want to talk about mass shootings, bonds me out, winded up to this.
We'll move on to something else. But, um, they're saying the kid that got in,
uh, El Paso who did the one who, who ended up dying and was, she did die. But,
um, he was saying that, uh, he shows no remorse. He's like, I did it man.
And like, are you kidding me, dude? You killed kids. And he's like,
you're right. How crazy is that?
And he's going to get a cushy, you know, room he's living better than, than,
you know, most of these immigrants that come here and get detained.
It's insane, man. They should.
Definitely kill them. And they should definitely.
Should torture, man. Just, just, just, ah.
Just a quick it's it's not fair, but having them suffer,
it doesn't help anybody. It really doesn't.
But having them around doesn't help anybody either. No.
Here's the, here's the good thing though. In his manifesto, he went,
hopefully someone gets them in shoots me.
So I don't have to go through the legal system. That's way worse.
It'd be way better die real quick. So at least he doesn't want this.
That's a good thing. Why is it all white dudes?
No, we're a mess. You know, Charlotte crazy, bro. Charlemagne actually put that,
that it was all these white guys that white guys are the biggest threat in terms
of terrorism in America and Instagram took his posts. How.
Crazy is that? That they're, they're more of a than ISIS.
But he had played widows of all these different white guys who have committed
mass murders. And as a white guy, I'm like, yeah, yeah, me.
Too. I went go.
Charlemagne. Yeah, you right. But they took his post down. Well,
how crazy is that? Then they put it back up. They put it.
Down. Right? They did show had some power, man. Well, he.
Made his case and he's correct. He,
he had literal photographs of all the different people that were white that have
committed mass murder and named the last time.
The last time there was a black guy that committed a mass murder.
Was those guys in DC. They were shooting people out of their car.
DC sniper. It was a son and a father. Yeah.
It was a guy in a younger guy. The younger guy was his son. He.
A serial killer though. Yeah. Yeah. Not so much. A mask is doing one at a time.
One, it wasn't killing three, but that was scary.
Cause people were just at like gas stations getting.